so Wars it's an incredible story of
people finding their place in a world
[Music]
these characters their lives though
they're in a galaxy far far away it's a
journey that people can relate to I felt
on it that I've been allowed to continue
the journey what happens to these
characters that we know and love it's a
world I want to get back to immediately
Star Wars magic it does take your breath
away and that is something that George
Lucas started and for definitely
carrying that one I've been a Star Wars
fan as an adult and a child meaning this
is crazy just look around oh my gosh oh
my gosh every single person who's come
to the project has been a huge Star Wars
fan I'm literally shaking like this is
insane it's this cross-generational
group of people who are bringing all of
those sensibilities to the making of
this movie this part of my Star Wars
journey is quite different now because
now I feel part of the family we're
going back to these stories that people
feel intensely about
[Music]